Create SECURITY.md (#258)
JTTechnic/OurTube: SECURITY.md

# Security Policy

## Supported Versions

Use this section to tell people about which versions of your project are

> currently being supported with security updates.

Reviewer: This is placeholder text

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently version 1.0 and version 2.0 are being supported with security updates.
```

| Version | Supported          |
| ------- | ------------------ |
| 5.1.x   | :white_check_mark: |
| 5.0.x   | :x:                |
| 4.0.x   | :white_check_mark: |
| < 4.0   | :x:                |

## Reporting a Vulnerability

Use this section to tell people how to report a vulnerability.

Tell them where to go, how often they can expect to get an update on a
reported vulnerability, what to expect if the vulnerability is accepted or

> declined, etc.

Reviewer: This is also placeholder text
